hey I had a port you know I don't do
daily vlogs I tell you I don't do daily
vlogs cuz I have too many freaking
thoughts if I did daily vlogs and tied
you all the thoughts in my head it would
be not a thing you were willing to sit
through something I can identify with as
it is much like my feelings towards the
whole of the Lord of the Rings Siri how
long is it how have you sat through it I
don't know why I haven't found it before
but very recently more recently than I
care to admit I have found fun for Louie
what an awesome guy and what an awesome
channel and why do I keep watching a lot
of videos not soaking up each other's
awesome because I'm not traveling the
world constantly his videos are just so
oh my god they're so good but also so
like oh stop putting a sausage like 2
meters from my nose it's always it's
good because it's really reminding me
how much I need and want to travel it
also reminds about how long is since I
have been traveling and that's been a
while but the kid I went to Switzerland
in France a lot to my gap year I went
and lived in Nevada for 3 months and did
some conservation work and then in my
second year went across America on my
own and apart from some school trips
that's pretty much it
he recently uploaded a video called
life's a beach and I was just doing
there being like life is not a beach it
is for you Lily
I don't get to do that at the moment and
then I thought you know what Lena that's
okay not all of life is a beach and it's
not even always a road to a beach like I
always thought that if I wasn't
traveling I was at least be planning to
travel at some point and that's just not
a thing right now it's not a thing I can
afford or think about or have brain
space or time space for my days aren't
filled with rock climbing and mountain
hopping and underwater filming and stuff
my days are filled with a beautiful
mysterious and romantic grey weather
that is the British climate it's filled
with shuffling along with your book
because you're trying to get on the tube
it's filled with fumes and high
buildings and busy spaces and I kind of
love it and I can't hold that against
myself anymore
I guess when I guess when I was a
teenager I was really trusted my
future-self to travel a lot I still want
to do that
but what I realized I'm doing now is
just as important as traveling is making
sure I have something cool to come back
to it's making sure that I have
something here rather than trying to
create loads of micro memories in other
places I want to I want to have a solid
identity where I live which is here in
London doing publishing and that's
really cool and I need to remember that
more sometimes the idea that life is a
beach is kind of like the implication
that life is about sitting back life is
about relaxing life is about not having
many people around and kind of just
playing silly games and that's really
cool and something I want to do so much
but we shouldn't always be living for
those moments where we get to relax who
should be living to those moments where
things are buzzing and we're busy and
papers up to here and you know because
there's erm it's also important to the
ones where you're grafting and you're
learning and you're trying to do
you don't think you can to my office
where is not as glamorous as a bikini
but I can tell you it's a lot more
flattering for me those moments on the
beach are going to be moments of a
difference of moments of kind of
cherries and highlights and glitter and
and sprinkles rather than the actual
main event the cake because we all know
the main event of our life is cake and
that takes a lot of mixing and still
where is this analogy going it takes a
lot of graft to build something that you
can then lie back on a beach and let's
stare at the sky and think about the
thing that you did because sometimes
relaxing when you haven't done something
is really depressing anyway should go
and check out like funforlouis channel
because I hope my time in life where I'm
doing that kind of thing happens because
oh my god it looks so good yeah I'd
literally was just staring wistfully off
into the distance that wasn't even
staged Oh God okay let's end the video
love that
you